Modify rule S1905: Migrate to LayC - Redundant casts should not be used (#3236)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1905/csharp/rule.adoc

include::../description.adoc[]

=== Exceptions

> Issues are not raised against C# 7.1 `default` literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues are not raised against the [default literal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/types/casting-and-type-conversions).
```

}
----

> [source,csharp]

Reviewer: Keep it in the _Exceptions_ section.

----
bool b = (bool)default; // Doesn't raise an issue
----

== Resources

> === Documentation

Reviewer: Add [this link](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/types/casting-and-type-conversions) to the list of resources.
